Tianfeng Group’s present is our future,
We will even fully support Tianfeng Group,
If you don’t remember it, remember it,
But far support group, you are,
Together we support,
Seeing this, I declare,
I object,
President Zhang Fu, what do you mean?
It’s not that I don’t understand everyone’s thoughts,
It's just a small but serious injury,
How is it possible to see those foreign natives?
This, when the time comes,
Tianfeng Group did not rescue them,
On the contrary, it dragged us all down, Li Feng
Can he regain this responsibility?
President Zhang Fu
Anyone who applies for your liability insurance will agree
But the business of our supervisory group
I have a reputation
He designed it and wrote it down at the moment
It’s the foundation of one pot
We can make foreign countries clean and rebuke
Let's run a business
Do you still want to have peace of mind?
Conscience calls Li Feng
You really can't help yourself
do you know
You asked the companies in the Haizhou Chamber of Commerce to leave
You go and take them out
A perfect place for all things